Language and minimalism authenticating-with-openshift-connector-from-che (#1843)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/extensions/partials/proc_authenticating-with-openshift-connector-from-che.adoc

// using-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che

[id="authenticating-with-openshift-connector-from-{prod-id-short}_{context}"]
= Authenticating with OpenShift Connector from {prod-short} when the OpenShift OAuth service does not authenticate the {prod-short} instance

> This section describes how to authenticate with an OpenShift cluster when the OpenShift OAuth service does not authenticate the {prod-short} instance. It enables the user to develop and push Components from {prod-short} to the OpenShift instance containing {prod-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to authenticate with an OpenShift cluster when the OpenShift OAuth service does not authenticate the {prod-short} instance. It enables the user to develop and push Components from {prod-short} to the OpenShift instance that contains {prod-short}.
```

Reviewer: Nothing wrong with it, just avoiding ambiguity gerund introduces

[NOTE]
====

> When the OpenShift OAuth service does authenticate the {prod-short} instance, the OpenShift Connector plug-in automatically establishes the authentication with the OpenShift instance containing {prod-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the OpenShift OAuth service authenticates the {prod-short} instance, the OpenShift Connector plug-in automatically establishes the authentication with the OpenShift instance containing {prod-short}.
```

====

OpenShift Connector offers the following methods for logging in to the OpenShift Cluster from the {prod-short} instance:

> * Using the notification asking to log in to the OpenShift instance containing {prod-short}.

Reviewer: Not sure why we need gerunds here. IMO "that asks" is less ambiguous than the gerund.

Author: `that` triggers a SG error...

Reviewer: Damn, ok, let's leave the gerunds then.

* Using the btn:[Log in to the cluster] button.
* Using the Command Palette.

[NOTE]
====

> OpenShift Connector plug-in requires manual connecting to the target cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift Connector plug-in requires manual connecting to the target cluster.
```

> The OpenShift Connector plug-in logs into the cluster as `inClusterUser`. If this user doesn't have manage project permission, this error message appears when creating a project using OpenShift Application Explorer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenShift Connector plug-in logs in to the cluster as `inClusterUser`. If this user does not have manage project permission, this error message appears when creating a project using OpenShift Application Explorer:
```

[quote]
____
Failed to create Project with error 'Error: Command failed: "/tmp/vscode-unpacked/redhat.vscode-openshift -connector.latest.qvkozqtkba.openshift-connector-0.1.4-523.vsix/extension/out/tools/linux/odo" project create test-project ✗ projectrequests.project.openshift.io is forbidden
____

To work around this issue:

. Log out from the local cluster.
. Log in to OpenShift cluster using the OpenShift user's credentials.
====

ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]

> When using a local instance of OpenShift such as CodeReady Containers or Minishift, {prod-short} stores the user’s credentials in a `~/.kube/config` file in the workspace. Use this file may for automatic authentication in subsequent logins. In the context of {prod-short}, the `~/.kube/config` is stored as a part of the plug-in sidecar container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a local instance of OpenShift such as CodeReady Containers or Minishift, {prod-short} stores the user’s credentials in a `~/.kube/config` file in the workspace. Use this file for automatic authentication in subsequent logins. In the context of {prod-short}, the `~/.kube/config` is stored as a part of the plug-in sidecar container.
```

Reviewer: Or 
Or, alternatively:
```suggestion
When using a local instance of OpenShift such as CodeReady Containers or Minishift, {prod-short} stores the user’s credentials in a `~/.kube/config` file in the workspace. This file may be used for automatic authentication in subsequent logins. In the context of {prod-short}, the `~/.kube/config` is stored as a part of the plug-in sidecar container.
```

endif::[]

.Prerequisites

* A running instance of {prod-short}. See xref:installation-guide:installing-che.adoc[].

* A {prod-short} workspace is available. See xref:end-user-guide:workspaces-overview.adoc[].

* The OpenShift Connector plug-in is available. See xref:installing-openshift-connector-in-che.adoc[].

* The OpenShift OAuth provider is available only for the auto-login to the OpenShift instance containing {prod-short}. See xref:administration-guide:configuring-openshift-oauth.adoc[].

.Procedure

. In the left panel, click the *OpenShift Application Explorer* icon.

. In the OpenShift Connector panel, log in using the OpenShift Application Explorer. Use one of the following methods:
** Click the btn:[Log in to cluster] button in the top left corner of the pane.
** Press kbd:[F1] to open the Command Palette, or navigate to *View > Find Command* in the top menu.
+
Search for *OpenShift: Log in to cluster* and press kbd:[Enter].
. If a *You are already logged in a cluster.* message appears, click *Yes*.

. Select the method to log in to the cluster: *Credentials* or *Token*, and follow the login instructions.
+

> NOTE: To authenticate with a token, the required token information is in the top right corner of the main {ocp} screen, under *__<User name>__ > Copy Login Command*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To authenticate with a token, the required token information is in the upper right corner of the main {ocp} screen, under *__<User name>__ > Copy Login Command*.
```
